mobile/README.md, before:

# mobile

The Flutter Devs ke mobile application

## Getting Started

This project is a starting point for the flutter devs ke mobile app
Since the application is made using flutter, you will first have to install and set up [Flutter](https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/install)

Fork this repository
Clone the forked repository. Replace "[Git username]" with your GitHub username

```
    git clone https://github.com/[Git username]/flutter_ke.git
```

Go to the mobile folder:

```
    cd mobile
```

Get the dependencies

```
    flutter pub get
```

Use build_runner to generate required files
```
    dart run build_runner watch
```

Finally run the project and make changes as you wish
```
    flutter run
```

## Documentation  

### State Management - Riverpod

State management is a hot topic within flutter. The choice of one greatly impacts the arhitecture of
the app. This [article](https://medium.com/@michael.mboya/building-flutter-kenya-why-we-use-riverpod-b7fc334a27d1) explains the reasoning behind choosing riverpod

### Routing package - gorouter  

[gorouter](https://pub.dev/) on pub.dev.  
Gorouter is a routing package for flutter that uses the Router API providing convinient, url-based API for navigating between different screens.  
We chose gorouter for our project because you can define url patterns, handle url navigation, deep linking and its rich set of features.  

Features and pros of using gorouter  
- Named routes  
- Parsing path and query params with a templet syntax, eg "user/:id"  
- Subroutes - displaying multiple screens for a destination  
- Supports redirection  
- Support for multiple navigators via [ShellRoute](https://pub.dev/documentation/go_router/latest/go_router/ShellRoute-class.html)  
- Supports both Material and Cupertino apps  
- Type-safe routes  
- Custom transitions and animations  
- Elegant and declarative approach to routing  

Cons of using gorouter  
- There is a potential increase in the size of our application due to using gorouter package.  
- Learning curve, Our contributers that have been using the default inbuilt routing package will have to familiarize and learn how to use it.

Commit message:

add link to code generation article

mobile/README.md, after:

# mobile

The Flutter Devs ke mobile application

## Getting Started

This project is a starting point for the flutter devs ke mobile app
Since the application is made using flutter, you will first have to install and set up [Flutter](https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/install)

Fork this repository
Clone the forked repository. Replace "[Git username]" with your GitHub username

```
    git clone https://github.com/[Git username]/flutter_ke.git
```

Go to the mobile folder:

```
    cd mobile
```

Get the dependencies

```
    flutter pub get
```

Use build_runner to generate required files
```
    dart run build_runner watch
```

Finally run the project and make changes as you wish
```
    flutter run
```

## Documentation  

### Code generation

This project uses code generation through freezed and riverpod. Code generation can be a divisive topic.
[Here's why we chose to use code generation](https://medium.com/@michael.mboya/flutter-why-generate-code-42c09fd386a3)

### State Management - Riverpod

State management is a hot topic within flutter. The choice of one greatly impacts the arhitecture of
the app. This [article](https://medium.com/@michael.mboya/building-flutter-kenya-why-we-use-riverpod-b7fc334a27d1) explains the reasoning behind choosing riverpod

### Routing package - gorouter  

[gorouter](https://pub.dev/) on pub.dev.  
Gorouter is a routing package for flutter that uses the Router API providing convinient, url-based API for navigating between different screens.  
We chose gorouter for our project because you can define url patterns, handle url navigation, deep linking and its rich set of features.  

Features and pros of using gorouter  
- Named routes  
- Parsing path and query params with a templet syntax, eg "user/:id"  
- Subroutes - displaying multiple screens for a destination  
- Supports redirection  
- Support for multiple navigators via [ShellRoute](https://pub.dev/documentation/go_router/latest/go_router/ShellRoute-class.html)  
- Supports both Material and Cupertino apps  
- Type-safe routes  
- Custom transitions and animations  
- Elegant and declarative approach to routing  

Cons of using gorouter  
- There is a potential increase in the size of our application due to using gorouter package.  
- Learning curve, Our contributers that have been using the default inbuilt routing package will have to familiarize and learn how to use it.
